want to know what's heating up in
theaters this weekend you really don't
want the treatment this Spa offers in
the horror movie a cure for Wellman says
no one is releasing what happens to come
a fight I'm sorry what Ice Cube and
Charlie Day played teachers about to
meet in the parking lot after school in
fist fight you got me I don't think he's
got this
why I use here in the Great Wall Matt
Damon plays a mercenary who joins elite
Chinese warriors fighting a mysterious
enemy
let's check out this week's for
anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
you
[Music]